Cyberattacks are inevitable.
No matter how many security controls and defenses you have,
someone is bound to breach security and you have to be prepared for that.
How you respond makes all the difference.
This lesson focuses on what you need to
know to follow and activate an incident response plan.
By the end of this lesson: You'll be able
to explain the relationship between incident response,
disaster recovery, and business continuity;
You'll be able to distinguish events from
incidents and recognize indicators of compromise;
You'll also learn to explain the incident response lifecycle; And finally,
recognize the key incident response team roles
and core components of an incident response plan.